NORMAL ATTACKS

Normal ground: normal attack while standing still. 1hit/monster

Normal air: do a spin attack that starts over the head and goes almost a full spin. 1hit/monster

Up air: do 2 quick stabs above the head.

Down air:DIVE KICK!!!

Back air: do a slash behind the char. the attack has a sweet spot that deals more elemental dmg.
the attack also turn the char around.

Forward air: do a slash stright ahead that has a sweet spot that multi hits with elemental dmg.


COMBO ATTACK

Slash rose: send the user upwards while slashing around itself.

Stampeding wild: same as slash rose but it moves forward and has an extra hitbox in front of the char.
the char will bounce if the forward hitboxs hits. will bounce upp/back.

Tripple stab: 3 swift stabs in front.first stab stright forward. second goes slightly lower and 
the last one goes slightly higher then the first stab.

SHADOW FUCKING STEP!!!!!: do a slash in front of the char while sending the char back/down. 
the move is very fast and mostly the for movement.

Deamons wrath: do a big smash attack that covers a big area in front of the char.



SUPERS!!!!!!

THE DEMON WITHIN: STANNAR ALLT. cut sceen.main char says something awesome. everthing goes 
black and silent for like 2 sec. BAM!. a sword cut over the screen and the blackness 
is removed like shatterd glass followed by loads of explosions and awesomenes as the main char
just fucking destroy everything in its path. the first cut deals massive PH DMG and the 
explosions deal magic dmg. All enemies hit gets affected by burn.

HOLY SONG: CUTSCENE. main char is raidiating holy light as she starts to rise her voice 
that ends with light covering the whole screen. deals holy magic dmg to all enemies on 
screen as well as lowering the stats on all of them. also gives the main char massive stats buffs.

NEGATIV GATE: CUTSCENE.(timestop). main char says something cool while opening a black gate. 
sucks all the color out of everything exept the main char. 
everything(including bosses!) exept the main char is stopped during the move. 
any magic or projektile used during the move stays until its over. 
when the move ends all the color return and time starts again and the gate is closed.
all the moves used by the main char that got stuck during the move aktivate at the same time.
all enemies hit by this move are affected by manadestruction for the duration of the move.



SUB WEAPONS

DAGGER: throw a crosslike weapon stright forward dealing dmg to the first enemy hit.
if charged it will go through enemies and when it hits a wall it will remain there like a 
platform for a small amount of time.

AXE: Throw crosslike axes in an arc over the char. can lvl up to throw more at the same time.

ROLLOUT: drops a crosslikethingy that starts to roll forward on the ground until it hits a wall.
with powerup you can bounce of rollouts to gain more hight.

THUNDER ORBS: Throws thunder orbs in a forward/down direction. thunder orbs will stick to objects 
and when that object is hit with an attack all the thunder orbs in an area close to that activate 
and deal dmg in the area depending on the number of orbs. can only be a certan number of orbs 
active at the same time. when there is to many the start to get destroyed in order of creation.
more orbs throwen depending on lvl of skill. orbs last only a limited amount of time.

MORE LATER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!



MAGIC

DEEP GRAVE: fucking best magic ever!!!!. in front of the char you send up a piano through the ground
that crush everything in the area and the starts to melt into the ground again. 
all enemies hit take magic dmg and has a chance to got ohko.

Wail of the voidling: deal dmg around the char. deals more dmg the closer the target is. 
multi hit aswell as a chance to ohko. if hit during the spell its canceled.

gravity well: do dmg to all enemies in the area. can move where the area will be during the cast time.
multi hits.

Healing well: heals all targets in an area including enemies. the healing will remain aktive 
for a long duration(around 10sec).
multi hit.

Natures wrath: create a thunderpoint. any enemy that enters within an area of the thunderpoint will 
get zapped. has high rate of fire. will remain for a long time or until a number of hits is done.

POWER OF THE FLAME: rise the DMG stats on the char. only one buff can be active on the char at once.

ARMOR OF THE EARTH: rise the DEF stats on the char. only one buff can be active on the char at once.

SHARPNESS OF THE WIND: rise the MDMG stats on the char. only one buff can be active on the char at once.

CALM OF THE WATER: rise the MDEF stats on the char. only one buff can be active on the char at once.

Natures unleash: depending on what if one of the 4 buffs are on the char the effect of this spell change.
when used the char will lose the buff.
POWER OF THE FLAME: Unleash a giant fireball that travels forward from the char until it hits a wall.
ARMOR OF THE EARTH: Send earthfragments all around the char dealing dmg aswell as lowering the 
defence on targets hit.
SHARPNESS OF THE WIND: all enemies on the screen gets hit by this attack. when hit they get 
thier attack stats lowered.
CALM OF THE WATER: A giant wave flow over the screen hitting all enemies one time dealing a lot of dmg.

IGNITE: fires a small lazer beam forward going through enemies. all enemies hit take dmg 
and get status burn.

DRAIN: affect enemies in an area infront of the char with status drain.

SLEEP: affect enemies in an area infront of the char with status sleep.